INTRODUCTION TO THE MASTER'S THESIS

PRESENTATION :

SLIDE #1:

master's thesis title
name etc., provider's name

SLIDE #2:

master's thesis briefly description

SLIDE #3:

master's thesis scheme from lucidchart

SLIDE #4 a,b,c,d...:

project parts with description

SLIDE #5:

bluetooth 5 faetures?


QUESTION

Let's say we have hipotetic situation:
    Someone at the university ask you about my master's thesis,
    You should give him briefly discription, can you do this ?


It's good to see all of you today, I'm gonna provide you by briefly introduction for my master's thesis.
Let's Start.

My project consist of three piece - As you can see on the sketch.
Those parts could represent three not conected, selfstanding features.

So, First part provide the space for controll and graphical analysis,
this part based on PC tools and Android APP.

The second part consist of two wireless devices.
First device : Should controll some mechanical proccess and supporting the users by ordinary User Interface.
Second device : Battery supplied device for sensor purpose, equiped with 9-axis motion sensing (accelerometer, gyroscope and compass), Environment Sensors.

First device provide the main board for the project, it's development tool from nordic semiconductor with basic user interface, bluetooth stack, ARM Cortex M4F proccessor and debugging co-processor. Work under FreeRTOS - real time operating system.
Second device manufacturer by Nordic Semiconductor - Thingy :52 - Wireless sensors board with battery supply and dedicated case.

Third part  - hardware proccess site contain only DC motor as executive machine.

How it's works ?
Very simple - the main board control the process (it's mean DC motor) based only on data from Thingy board streamed by bluetooth BLE.
Proces's variables like an current angle and torque will be displayed on PC connected to the main board's co-processor.
The point is to show availability of proccess control in big data streaming system and check procesor load and FreeRTOS tasks scheluding.
